Observability overview tweaks (#11291)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/overview/51-telemetry-observability-overview.md

type: Observability
---

Out of the box, Kyma provides tools to collect and expose **telemetry** data, such as metrics, traces, and log data.

> Of course, you'll want to view and analyse the data you're collecting. This is where **observability** comes in. 

Author: I am not sure about the last sentence: This is where **observability** comes in. Maybe something about **observability tools** instead, @NHingerl?

> Of course, you'll want to view and analyse the data you're collecting. This is where **observability** comes in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, you'll want to view and analyse the data you're collecting. This is where **observability** tools come in. 
```

type: Observability
---

> Out of the box, Kyma provides **telemetry** tools to collect and expose raw data, such as metrics, traces, and log data.

Author: I think it's important to be consistent with the terms we use here:

* Telemetry is data produced by applications that we want to observe. Metrics, logs, and traces are different kinds of telemetry
* AFAIK there is no official term for software that exposes telemetry. `Fluent Bit` is a log collector and in `Prometheus` world it's called an exporter.
* Observability is an ability to understand an application's behavior based on the telemetry it produces.

I like the term `Observability solution` used further in the docs ;)

Reviewer: I agree! I like your suggested text.
